>> Speaker 1: Is there any problem
with using negative margin value?
It seems hacky, but it seems to work okay.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, yeah, that's pretty
much the attitude of the community.
Negative margins are hacky, but it does
in fact work, and it's legal, so yeah.
You could definitely use negative margins.
I've stuck with positive margins,
which, for whatever reason,
people seem happier with.
>> Jen Kramer: Other comments?
>> Speaker 1: Evans like, well, okay well,
I don't really get the more
control thing still.
If we're setting the exact
percentage of the width and
know the exact number
of columns in each row,
setting justified content space evenly
has the same control as setting margins.
>> Jen Kramer: You are welcome to do that.
Go right on ahead, okay?
>> Speaker 1: Is space evenly
usable in browsers today?
>> Jen Kramer: I'm not sure space evenly
has as much support as space between or
space around.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah,
it's not fully compatible yet.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
probably not fully compatible.
In our universe, where we work with
the latest version of Firefox and
Chrome, it's a beautiful world.
[LAUGH] Everything works, but probably
not in your regular browser stack.